(The morning of the last filming day in Paris)
Go Won: I heard that the scene she's going to film is the choker scene~
Olivia Hye: Can you see it?
Go Won: It looks hurt...
Olivia Hye: It's really hurt~
Go Won: What?
Go Won: Why do you pretend like it's hurt?
Olivia Hye: I think I'm going to tear it off by my neck, not hand
Go Won: She has to do it with a wonderful glare, like this!
Go Won: I said she has to do like this
Go Won: But... she thinks she's cute
Go Won: So I'm not sure she can do it nicely~
(Olivia Hye looks not only cute but also cool and stylish)
Olivia Hye: Well, the filming lasted a week is all done~
Go Won: Phew
Olivia Hye: She did it successfully
Go Won: And you did it well
Olivia Hye: It was super fun~
Go Won: Right, it was great to film in foreign countries and have some sightseeing!
Olivia Hye: Okay, it's time to go back~
(There's one more episode for LOOΠΔ TV in Paris!)